[DOCS] Update README.md (#1537)
elastic/connectors-python: README.md

# Elastic Python connectors

<img width="468" alt="search-icon" src="https://github.com/elastic/connectors-python/assets/32779855/2f594d89-7369-4c49-994a-1d67eefce436">

## Connectors

This repository contains the source code for all Elastic connectors, developed by the Search team at Elastic.
Use connectors to sync data from popular data sources to Elasticsearch.

These connectors are available as:
- [**Connector clients**](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/build-connector.html) to be self-managed on your own infrastructure
- [**Native connectors**](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/native-connectors.html) using our fully managed service on Elastic Cloud

ℹ️ For an overview of the steps involved in deploying connector clients refer to [**Connector clients**](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/build-connector.html).
You can get started quickly with Docker, using [these instructions](docs/DOCKER.md).
We also have an end-to-end tutorial using the [PostgreSQL connector client](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/postgresql-connector-client-tutorial.html).

> ## Python connector framework

Author: @seanstory is that not the "connector service"?

> ## Python connector framework

Reviewer: In my mind (all of this is my personal opinion/mindset) the "connector service" is what we call it when it's running. So we could call it the "connector service code" or the "connector service libraries" when it's in a repo?

> ## Python connector framework

Author: "connector service code" sounds good to me. I've been using "connector code" from time to time...

> ## Python connector framework

Author: @seanstory I've further cleaned up this page in the latest two commits, plus I've tried to mention the concept of the shared connector service code. Let me know what you think about the readme at this stage!

You can get started quickly with Docker, using [these instructions](docs/DOCKER.md).
We also have an end-to-end tutorial using the [PostgreSQL connector client](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/postgresql-connector-client-tutorial.html).

### Connector documentation

The main documentation for _using_ connectors lives in the Search solution's docs.
Here are the main pages:

- [Connectors overview](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/connectors.html)
- [Connector clients](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/build-connector.html)
- [Native connectors](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/native-connectors.html)

You'll also find the individual references for each connector there.
For everything to do with _developing_ connectors, you'll find that here in this repo.

## Connector service code

In addition to the source code for individual connectors, this repo also contains the connector service code, which is used for tasks like running connectors, and managing scheduling, syncs, and cleanup.

> This is shared code that is used by all connectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is shared code that is not used by individual connectors, but helps to coordinate and run a deployed instance/process.
```
